control-structures.rst: Clarify that low-level calls to precompiles always succeed (#12854)
ethereum/solidity: docs/control-structures.rst

.. warning::
    The low-level functions ``call``, ``delegatecall`` and
    ``staticcall`` return ``true`` as their first return value

>     if the address called is non-existent or is a precompiled contract address,

Reviewer: I wonder if we can really assert that about precompiles. I checked the Yellow Paper and it does not state this explicitly. It only says this:
> An account is empty when it has no code, zero nonce
> and zero balance:
> (14) EMPTY(σ, a) ≡ σ[a]c = KEC (()) ∧σ[a]n = 0∧σ[a]b = 0
> Even callable precompiled contracts can have an empty
> account state. This is because their account states do not
> usually contain the code describing its behavior.

And it's true that for empty accounts `true` is returned but would that kick in for a precompile or do they actually explicitly return a value?

If it's the latter, I think none of the current precompiles can ever revert (other than due to running out of gas) but then can we assume this about all future precompiles too?

Reviewer 2: I do not think it is correct, some precompiles do revert on invalid/short input, albeit it is the minority.

Reviewer: Thanks. In that case I guess we should close the PR? The incorrect part about precompiles always succeeding seems to be its main point.

>     if the address called is non-existent or is a precompiled contract address,
>     as part of the design of the EVM. Address existence must be checked
>     prior to calling if needed.

Reviewer: I think the version with "account" was clearer. What does it even meant for address not to exist? They're just numbers, they all exist.

The Yellow Paper calls such a case an "empty account" and that's what I'd use too:
```suggestion
    if the account called is empty or is a precompiled contract address,
    as part of the design of the EVM. This must be checked
    prior to calling if needed.
```
